ISSUE_TEMPLATE: add 'new_release.md' (#1002)
kinvolk/nebraska: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/new_release.md

---
name: New Nebraska Release
about: Tracking issue for releasing a new Nebraska version.
title: 'Release Nebraska <VERSION>'
labels: "kind/release"
---

> ## 1. Preparation

Reviewer: should we add items for staging in the preparation section? i.e.

```
- [ ] Delete the old `staging` tag if it exists: `git tag -d staging`
- [ ] Create a new signed `staging` tag: `git tag -as staging`
- [ ] Force push the staging tag: `git push origin --force staging`
- [ ] Wait for CI to build and publish the `ghcr.io/flatcar/nebraska:staging` image
- [ ] Redeploy the staging environment or pull the new staging image and restart the service
- [ ] Verify the staging deployment works as expected
```

- [ ] Update and merge [`CHANGELOG.md`][changelog] to add the released version

## 2. Release

- [ ] Tag and push the released version (e.g: `git tag -as 2.9.0`)
- [ ] Wait for CI to be green; create a GitHub release associated to the release tag and use the [`CHANGELOG.md`][changelog] content to create the release body

> - [ ] Bump the `appVersion` in [Chart.yaml](https://github.com/flatcar/nebraska/blob/main/charts/nebraska/Chart.yaml), commit and open a PR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Bump both `appVersion` and `version` in [Chart.yaml](https://github.com/flatcar/nebraska/blob/main/charts/nebraska/Chart.yaml), commit and open a PR.
```
